Document setting up cloud provider kubectl auth via plugin (AKS, GKE) (#44134)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tools/included/verify-kubectl.md

```shell
kubectl cluster-info dump
```

### Troubleshooting the 'No Auth Provider Found' error message {#no-auth-provider-found}

In Kubernetes 1.26, kubectl removed the built-in authentication for the following cloud
providers' managed Kubernetes offerings. These providers have released kubectl plugins to provide the cloud-specific authentication. For instructions, refer to the following provider documentation:

> * Azure  AKS: [kubelogin plugin](https://github.com/Azure/kubelogin)

Reviewer: This could link to https://azure.github.io/kubelogin/ instead.

```shell
kubectl cluster-info dump
```

> {{< note >}}
> ### Troubleshooting the 'No Auth Provider Found' Error Message
> 
> In Kubernetes **v1.26**, kubectl removed the built-in authentication for the following cloud
> providers managed Kubernetes offerings. These providers have released kubectl plugins to provide the cloud-specific authentication. For instructions, refer to the following provider documentation:
> 
> *  AKS (Azure): [kubelogin plugin](https://github.com/Azure/kubelogin)
> *  GKE (Google Cloud): [gke-gcloud-auth-plugin](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/cluster-access-for-kubectl#install_plugin)
> 
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: We don't put headings inside callouts. Try this:
```suggestion
### Troubleshooting the 'No Auth Provider Found' error message {#no-auth-provider-found}

In Kubernetes 1.26, kubectl removed the built-in authentication for the following cloud
providers' managed Kubernetes offerings. These providers have released kubectl plugins to provide the cloud-specific authentication. For instructions, refer to the following provider documentation:

* Azure  AKS: [kubelogin plugin](https://github.com/Azure/kubelogin)
* Google Kubernetes Engine: [gke-gcloud-auth-plugin](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/cluster-access-for-kubectl#install_plugin)

(There could also be other reasons to see the same error message, unrelated to that change.)

```
